### Step 2A 
Pwd
/Users/marissajacklyn

### Step 2B
Cd Desktop


### Step 2C
Cd unit1-git-practice


### Step 2D
Pwd
/Users/marissajacklyn/Desktop/unit1-git-practice


### Step 2E
ls

### Step 2F
my-steps.txt


### Step 2G
Cd ~


### Step 2H
/Users/marissajacklyn


### Step 2I
 ls -a
.			.vscode			Downloads
..			.zsh_history		Library
.CFUserTextEncoding	.zsh_sessions		Movies
.DS_Store		Applications		Music
.Trash			Desktop			Pictures
.gitconfig		Documents		Public


### Step 2J 
cd ~

### Step 2K 
 cd /Users/marissajacklyn/Desktop/unit1-git-practice


### Step 3A
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % mkdir veggies
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % mkdir meats
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % mkdir desssers


### Step 3B
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % mv desssers sweets
(Spelt wrong the first time oops)

### Step 3C
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % mkdir protiens

### Step 3D
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % cp -r meats protiens

### Step 3E
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % cd /Users/marissajacklyn/Desktop/unit1-git-practice/veggies 
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air veggies % pwd
/Users/marissajacklyn/Desktop/unit1-git-practice/veggies
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air veggies % touch carrot.txt
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air veggies % touch pea.txt


### Step 3F
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air veggies % cd ..
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % pwd
/Users/marissajacklyn/Desktop/unit1-git-practice
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % cd sweets
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air sweets % pwd
/Users/marissajacklyn/Desktop/unit1-git-practice/sweets
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air sweets % touch cookie.txt
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air sweets % ls
cookie.txt


### Step 3G
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air sweets % mv cookie.txt donut.txt 
(Accidenally copied meats into protiens instead of moving it)
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air sweets % cd ..
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % rm -r meats
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % ls
my-steps.txt	protiens	sweets		veggies
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % cd protiens
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air protiens % ls
meats

### Step 3H
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air protiens % cd ..
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % touch thing.txt

### Step 3I
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % touch tofu.txt
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % cp thing.txt tofu.txt

### Step 3J
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % mv tofu.txt protiens 

### Step 3K
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % touch crab.txt
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % cp thing.txt crab.txt
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % mv crab.txt protiens 
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % cd protiens   
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air protiens % mv crab.txt meats 
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air meats % ls
crab.txt


### Step 3L
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air meats % cd ..
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air protiens % cd ..
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % cd unit1-git-practice
cd: no such file or directory: unit1-git-practice
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % cd ..
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air Desktop % pwd
/Users/marissajacklyn/Desktop
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air Desktop % cd unit1-git-practice 
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % rm thing.txt

### Step 3M
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % cp -r veggies plants

### Step 3N
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % mkdir drinks
marissajacklyn@Marissas-MacBook-Air unit1-git-practice % rm -r drinks 


### Step 4


### Step 5


### Step 6


### Step 7
*** DO NOT RECORD STEP 7 ***